Reorder and introduce Security Considerations (#4320)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

# Security Considerations

> The goal of QUIC is to provide a secure transport connection.  However,
> third-parties and malicious peers are able to disrupt the connection in
> various ways.  {{security-properties}} presents an in-depth overview
> of the security properties QUIC attempts to provide; subsequent sections
> discuss the mitigations QUIC employs against various types of attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of QUIC is to provide a secure transport connection.  This section
provides an overview of those properties in {{security-properties}}; subsequent
sections discuss constraints and caveats regarding these properties, including
descriptions of known attacks and countermeasures.
```
